feat: wallet signatures (#436)
framesjs/frames.js: docs/pages/guides/wallet-signatures.mdx

---
title: "Wallet Signatures"
description: ""
---

import StackblitzLink from "../../components/StackblitzLink";

# Wallet Signatures Frames

> Frames can initiate requests to sign typed data using a wallet that apps that integrate Frames can complete, calling back your Frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frames can initiate requests to sign typed data using a connected wallet after which the client will call back your Frame with the requested signature.
```

<StackblitzLink
  entrypointFile="app/examples/wallet-signatures/page.tsx"
  browserPath="/examples/wallet-signatures"
/>

## Using the connected wallet address

The client will include the user's connected wallet address that will be executing the transaction in the frame action payload when a frame button with `action="tx"` set is pressed.

The address is available in the context under the key `connectedAddress`.

Note:

- The address is only available when the user has connected a wallet to the client the frame button pressed is has a `tx` action.
- `connectedAddress` differs from the `requesterVerifiedAddresses` returned by the [`farcasterHubContext`](/middleware/farcaster-hub-context) middleware.

```tsx [./app/frames/signature-data/route.tsx]
import { frames } from "../frames";
import { transaction } from "frames.js/core";

export const POST = frames(async (ctx) => {
  if (!ctx.message) {
    throw new Error("No message");
  }

  const userAddress = ctx.message.connectedAddress;

  // Do something with the user's connected address that will be executing the tx

  return transaction(txData);
});

> ```

Reviewer: We already mention this on the transactions page, perhaps link there instead

Author: done
